A Point is a pair of shorts.
A Smith and Wesson beats four aces.
A bad workman quarrels with his tools.
A big book is a big nuisance.  - Callimachus, librarian of Alexandria
A billion here, a billion there; soon you're talking real money.  -E.  Dirksen
A bird in hand is safer than one overhead.
A bird in the hand is worth what it will bring.
A block grant is a nice terminal, but it will keep you awake until noon.
A block grant is a solid mass of money surrounded on all sides by governors.
A chicken is just an egg's way of making more eggs.
A closed mouth gathers no foot.
A conservative is one who is too cowardly to fight and too fat to run.
A consistent indentation style is the hobgoblin of little minds.
A couch is as good as a chair.
A coward is one who in a perilous emergency thinks with his legs.
A critic is a legless man who teaches running.
A day for firm decisions!!!!!  Or is it?
A day without sunshine is like night.
A duck with three wings and a loaf of bread is brother to the sun god.
A duck with three wings and a loaf of bread is brother to the turkey.
A fly by night leaves no shadow beyond a doubt.
A fool and his money stabilize the economy.
A foolish consistency is the hobgoblin of little minds.
A furore Normanorum libera nos, O Domine!
A game, a teaching aid, a sport, and a piece of art.  -Erno Rubik
A gentleman is one who is never rude unintentionally.  -Noel Coward
A good memory does not equal pale ink.
A good plan today is better than a perfect plan tomorrow.
A goodly apple rotten at the heart:/Oh, what a goodly outside falsehood hath!
A hacker does for love what others would not do for money.
A homeowner's reach should exceed his grasp, or what's a weekend for?
A hydrogen bomb doesn't care how brave you are.
A hypothesis is an opinion that you are trying to prove true.
A journey of a thousand miles begins with a cash advance from Sam.
A king's castle is his home.
A liberal is one too open-minded to take his own side in an argument.
A lone dime always gets the number nearly right.
A man must destroy himself before others can destroy him.  -Mong Tse
A man who fishes for marlin in ponds will put his money in Etruscan bonds.
A man who turns green has eschewed protein.
A man with 3 wings and a dictionary is cousin to the turkey.
A man without a faith is like a fish without a bicycle.
A megabyte here, a megabyte there, and pretty soon you're talking real power.
A megaflop is a failure of gigantic proportions.
A mighty maze!  but not without a plan.  -Pope
A more wretched hive of scum and villainy: not found.
A movie studio is the best toy a boy ever had.  -Orson Welles
A penny saved is a political breakthrough.
A penny saved is ridiculous.
A penny saved kills your career in the Pentagon.